HOLLY AI LEARNING OS v0.49.29 LITE - fresh Raspberry Pi 4 installation
By Darren "Viper" Crawford / JMC

WHAT THIS IS
A complete 256 MiB raw SD-card image, including the boot partition, Raspberry
Pi firmware, custom Holly kernel and an empty persistent data partition.
Use a Raspberry Pi 4-compatible microSD card with at least 268,435,456 actual
bytes. A 512 MB or larger card comfortably exceeds the image size. Common
1/8/16/32/64/128/256 GB cards do not need separate images.
The Pi expands the marked Holly data partition to the detected card capacity
on first boot. Document capacity depends on the actual card size.

FRESH INSTALL
1. Extract Holly-AI-Learning-OS-v0.49.29-Lite-Pi4.img from this ZIP.
2. In Raspberry Pi Imager select Use custom, then select that .img.
3. Select the target SD card and write it. Writing replaces that card's data.
   Holly uses its own OS; Imager's Linux username/Wi-Fi customisation does not
   configure Holly. Use the login below and wired Ethernet.
4. Connect the Pi 4 to your router with Ethernet, attach HDMI if wanted, and
   boot. Find the Pi's DHCP address in the router's client list.
5. SSH from Windows: ssh -o ConnectTimeout=60 -o RekeyLimit=4M Rimmer@PI_IP
   Replace PI_IP with the router's address. Password: smeghead
6. Check version and storage. On this NEW installation only, initialise the
   document bank with: doc format
   Then check: doc status
   The document bank and dedicated persistent web-reference bank are now ready.
   Do not repeat doc format on a card containing uploads you want to keep.
7. Open http://PI_IP/ in Chrome. HTTP port 80 and Telnet port 23 start by default.
   SSH port 22 is used for administration, training and uploads.

INCLUDED
Built-in Red Dwarf references and original dialogue models; fullscreen HDMI
faces for Holly/Hilly/Queeg; browser speech and animation; Queeg's stern persona
and American male voice selection; Hilly's British female voice and Holly's
British male voice; retryable HDMI mouth synchronisation; arithmetic, notes,
alarms, NEWS, free online lookup, persistent topic caching and text uploads.
Mention QUEEG, HOLLY or HILLY to switch the web/voice persona. HILLARY/HILARY
also select Hilly. Queeg's switching is in web/voice chat; SSH/Telnet use Holly.

The Vault starts empty. This image does not contain Darren's uploaded scripts,
novels, personal memories, chat history, saved online topics or trained changes.
Those remain on his working SD card. New owners can upload their own text using
holly_upload.py or import transcripts using holly_scripts.py.

BROWSER/NETWORK REQUIREMENTS
Spoken voices come from the browser/installed system, not audio from the Pi.
Queeg needs an identified English US male voice such as Microsoft David. Holly
and Hilly use UK voices when available. Microphone access requires a secure
browser origin and permission; plain LAN HTTP is not secure in default Chrome.
The current kernel's numeric Host and HTTP Origin checks require appropriate
header handling if you place it behind an HTTPS/domain reverse proxy.
Internet lookup/news need DHCP gateway/DNS and a correct clock, synchronised
when the browser connects or using clock set over SSH.

VALIDATION AND FILES
The image's MBR, FAT32, all staged boot files and complete empty Vault were
verified by readback. Production expansion logic was checked against simulated
512 MB through 512 GB cards, including idempotence and undersized-card refusal.
Existing v0.49.29 kernel and pinned SSH identity are verified. This is software
validation; the new Lite image still needs a physical Pi first-boot test.
SHA256SUMS.txt supplies the image checksum. VALIDATION.txt records the scope.
Source changes for Lite packaging and upstream notices are included. Complete
kernel source is in the v0.49.29 American Male Queeg Voice update release.
