HOLLY AI LEARNING OS 0.49.8 - FACE-ONLY HDMI
Darren 'Viper' Crawford / JMC fan project

INSTALL WITHOUT REFLASHING OR REMOVING SCRIPTS
Finish uploads, disconnect and power down the Pi after SD activity settles.
Put its SD card into Windows and open the boot partition.
Back up the existing kernel8.img to your PC, then replace ONLY kernel8.img
with this release's kernel8.img. Keep config.txt and firmware unchanged.
Safely eject, insert the card into the Pi and boot.
Connect using its current DHCP address:
  ssh -o ConnectTimeout=180 -o RekeyLimit=4M Rimmer@192.168.50.172
Password: smeghead. The host identity remains the same.
At holly> run version, storage and doc status. Version must show 0.49.8.
No Vault or document format changes; your scripts/memories stay in place.
This ZIP is a kernel-only update, NOT an SD-card disk image.

HDMI
The HDMI picture is now ONLY the supplied Norman Lovett portrait on black.
No dashboard, JMC frame, chat transcript, status text or interface panels.
The closed-mouth holly1.png is the resting face. Supplied images holly2.png
through holly7.png provide mouth shapes. Head proportions are preserved;
background is cropped to fill the output rather than stretching the face.
The stable existing 640x480 RGB565 framebuffer mode is retained.
Portraits are compiled at 512x288 RGB565 and scaled by the kernel.
HDMI0 starts automatically. HDMI1 allocation remains opt-in for stability:
  display 1
Both allocated outputs show the same portrait/mouth state.
  display 0
selects HDMI0 again. Existing colour/bar diagnostic commands still work.
No per-frame mailbox traffic. No continuous repainting while idle.

SILENT MOUTH ANIMATION
Completed Holly replies from SSH, Telnet, web and the serial test console
feed one shared display animation queue. A new reply replaces the old one.
The supplied mouth shapes are selected by simple text-letter groups.
M/B/P close the mouth; O/U/W choose the rounded mouth; punctuation pauses.
Animation is capped at ten redraws per second and 128 queued text events.
Long replies animate only their bounded opening section, then return idle.
This is a visual approximation, NOT exact phoneme timing, TTS, a cloned
voice or audio-synchronised lip movement. There is no audio in this release.
Independent sessions still retain independent conversational context;
only the latest reply's mouth animation is shared by the HDMI displays.

TEST FROM SSH
  display face
  display frame 1
  display frame 4
  display frame 7
  display talk Alright Darren, Holly here. How can I help?
  displaydiag
  hello
frame 1 is closed, frame 4 is wide open, frame 7 is the supplied seventh
mouth picture. Any new Holly reply replaces the manual frame when animation
is enabled. Talking stops at the end of the queue and returns to frame 1.
  display animate off
keeps the resting portrait still during replies.
  display animate on
restores automatic text mouth animation.
  display off
stops drawing without tearing down the framebuffer.
  display on
reenables display drawing. display face restores the resting portrait.
Telnet and HTTP still need telnet on / http on over SSH after reboot.
Web appearance is byte-identical to v0.49.7; HDMI artwork is separate.

SERIES CHAT RETAINED
This includes v0.49.7 season 1-8 overviews, episode lists, script coverage,
script questions and supplemental importer. Examples:
  Tell me about Season 2
  which episodes?
  script coverage
  In The End why couldn't Holly release Lister after the radiation leak?
Your actual knowledge coverage still depends on the scripts you uploaded.

RECOVERY
If this display change causes a problem, power down and restore your old
kernel8.img, or copy kernel-recovery.img from this ZIP as kernel8.img.
The recovery build disables HDMI allocation; SSH and storage remain active.
Do not reflash, format, delete the Vault or run doc init to install updates.

INCLUDED
Normal and HDMI-disabled kernels; hashes; supplied original seven PNGs;
exact-renderer preview PNG and a mouth-shape preview GIF; full source;
tests, importer tools and validation evidence. The GIF is a mouth-shape
preview sequence, not a demonstration of audio-synchronised speech.
Private credential source is excluded. Keep your local provisioned header
when reproducing the existing release identity from source.
