HOLLY OS 0.49.25 - PERSISTENT JUNIOR ENCYCLOPEDIA REFERENCES
JMC fan project - Darren "Viper" Crawford

INSTALL WITHOUT ERASING YOUR CARD
Finish uploads and shut down. Back up kernel8.img on your PC, then replace ONLY
kernel8.img on the SD boot partition with this ZIP's kernel8.img. Keep all other
boot files and partitions. Safely eject, boot, and press Ctrl+F5 / New chat in
the browser. Check HollyOS V0.49.25 at the top right, or version over SSH.
Do not reflash, doc format or doc init on a working document bank.
Your documents, books, notes, alarms, lessons and memories are retained.
SSH: ssh -o ConnectTimeout=60 -o RekeyLimit=4M Rimmer@YOUR_PI_IP
Password: smeghead.
This is a kernel update, not a full-card Pi Imager image. The optional
kernel-recovery.img has the same pinned login identity with HDMI disabled.

SAVE ONCE, RECALL LATER
Successful online topic summaries are now automatically saved to Holly Vault,
including the full bounded excerpt, original source URL and UTC fetch-request
time. Next time the same normalized topic is requested, Holly replies directly
from the saved reference. It works after reboot and without internet or a newly
synchronised clock. Only a new fetch needs the clock/internet.
Local lessons, curated Red Dwarf knowledge and selected uploaded books retain
priority. Saved web references are shared across Holly's chat users. They are
unverified reference material, not personal facts or automatically approved
training data. Recording these references does not retrain a language model.

TRY IT
Open the web page to synchronise the clock for the first online lookup.
Say: Who is Ada Lovelace?
Holly says: I'm searching the Junior Encyclopedia of Space.
When a usable summary arrives, Holly says it was saved for future recall.
Reboot, then ask: Tell me about Ada Lovelace
Holly should respond from the saved reference without a new web request.
The browser progress label remains Searching the Junior Encyclopedia of Space...
Holly's acknowledgements and search errors no longer name the search provider.

Commands over SSH, Telnet or typed browser chat:
search <topic>            Recall a saved topic, otherwise fetch it
search status            Latest search/reference in this session
search source            Original source URL and UTC date/time
search cache             Persistent bank status and saved-topic count
search refresh <topic>    Force a new fetch and replace only after successful save
search off               Disable automatic online fallback for this session;
                         saved references and explicit search still work
search on                Re-enable automatic online lookup (default)
search forget <topic>     SSH ONLY: remove that permanently saved reference

Matching is by normalized topic, not arbitrary semantic paraphrases. Case and
trailing sentence punctuation are ignored, as are prefixes such as who is,
what is, tell me about, what do you know about and can you tell me about.
Different spellings/subjects can still create separate topics. An explicit
search uses the supplied topic. 'search refresh' can update old information;
references are not silently refreshed or automatically expired.
Forgetting a saved record does not erase an already displayed reply or SSH
conversation history. Only a usable article summary is saved: empty, ambiguous,
RelatedTopics-only, malformed and failed searches do not become knowledge.

DURABLE STORAGE AND LIMITS
The first implementation holds up to 64 persistent topics. It never silently
evicts an old topic when full: use search forget <topic> over SSH to make room.
Each stored topic uses up to seven zero-confidence internal chunk records plus
one commit record in the existing Vault memory journal. It stores at most 1,200
characters of summary, 512 characters of source URL and a 192-character topic.
The existing finite Vault record pool is shared with personal memories/notes/
alarms; it can fill before the 64-topic limit. A missing/full/failing Vault is
reported as inability to save permanently; the fetched result is then RAM-only.
No successful save is claimed until the committed data is read back and checked.

Chunks are written first, then a checksummed manifest is committed. A refresh
keeps the previous complete entry until the replacement is verified. Reboot
reloads only complete matching records; a torn write, deleted chunk or modified
payload is not recalled as a mixed or partial answer. Interrupted saves/deletes
can leave unused internal zero-confidence records. These do not produce answers
but may consume slots. Existing SD layouts and all other record formats remain
unchanged. Internal records are visible in SSH memory inspection with ddg tags;
normal personal-fact recall excludes them.

BACKEND AND REMAINING LIMITS
Junior Encyclopedia of Space is Holly's in-character label. The online service
remains DuckDuckGo's Instant Answer API, providing topic summaries rather than
full search results. Deep questions may return no summary or a broader subject.
Queries that trigger fetching are sent to that service. Common personal-term
and administrative-input guards remain; they are not an exhaustive privacy
classifier. Explicit search topics and successful summaries are shared records.
Source URLs are shown on request rather than spoken in ordinary conversation.
One outbound reader remains shared with BBC news/Wikipedia, with 10-second
search rate limits, 60-second timeout, 192-character queries and 32 KiB JSON.
The existing finite document-bank limits remain. This adds persistent retrieval,
not full web crawling or ChatGPT-like generative capability.

Earlier v0.49.24 searches were RAM-only. They cannot be recovered after reboot;
fetch a topic once on this version to save it going forward.
