HOLLY AI LEARNING OS 0.49.7 - SCRIPT CONVERSATION UPDATE
By Darren 'Viper' Crawford / JMC fan project

INSTALL ON YOUR EXISTING CARD - DO NOT REFLASH
1. Finish uploading, close SSH and power down the Pi. This OS does not
   provide a general Linux shutdown shell. Avoid interrupting SD writes.
2. Put the SD card into your Windows computer. Open its boot partition.
3. Copy the existing kernel8.img to a backup file on your PC.
4. Replace only kernel8.img with kernel8.img from this ZIP.
   Leave config.txt, firmware and the rest of the card unchanged.
5. Safely eject, put the card back in the Pi and boot.
6. Find its current DHCP address, then connect:
   ssh -o ConnectTimeout=180 -o RekeyLimit=4M Rimmer@192.168.50.172
   Substitute the current IP if different. Password: smeghead
7. At holly> run version, storage, doc status and script coverage.
   Version must show 0.49.7. Your Vault/scripts are not reformatted.
If this fails, restore your backed-up kernel8.img. Do not initialize,
format or reflash the card to install this update.

TRY NORMAL CONVERSATION
  What do you know about season 2?
  which episodes?
  What do you know about series eight?
  In The End why couldn't Holly release Lister after the radiation leak?
  Why did Lister survive?
  In Queeg what happened to Holly?
  My name is Darren
  hello
Episode follow-ups remember the last named episode within that session.
Scene answers are labelled script excerpts, not generated summaries.
Series 1-8 overviews are authored, with interpretations identified.
No neural weights were retrained in this release.

CHECK COVERAGE
  script coverage
Shows indexed episode titles, missing titles and per-series counts.
Split packs count once. An episode marker does not prove that every line
of its transcript is present. The catalogue covers series 1-8 only.
Your earlier website upload contained 51 scripts; the site has no linked
Back in the Red, part 3 and supplies no later series.

ADD EXTRA LOCAL SCRIPTS
On Windows, unzip tools/ to a folder (holly_scripts.py needs holly_upload.py).
Put one plain-text transcript per episode into a separate folder.
Use episode titles as filenames: Back in the Red, part 3.txt
From the tools folder:
  py -3 holly_scripts.py 192.168.50.172 D:\Holly-Extras --normalize --collection Extras --user Rimmer --dry-run
Then remove --dry-run to upload. Use the SAME collection label and files
when resuming. Extras get separate RD Scripts Extras NN pack titles, so
existing RD Scripts NN packs are not targeted. No automatic deletion.
For custom ordering/titles, use the importer's --manifest JSON option.
For extra titles outside the series 1-8 catalogue, use:
  script list
  script ask Exact Episode Title | distinctive scene words
Natural title recognition in this release covers series 1-8.

CAPACITY
The current bank has 16 slots x 131072 bytes, approximately 2 MiB.
Your 13-pack upload leaves at most three free slots (minus other docs).
A 128 GB card does not automatically enlarge that software limit.
Do not delete scripts to make room without keeping originals/backups.
Larger storage and automatic indexing of later series need a separate,
safely migrated release. This release does not claim all episodes loaded.
Scripts are never bundled; upload the material you have locally.

DISPLAY / RECOVERY
Display behaviour remains the previous static dashboard implementation.
HDMI remains physically unverified on your Pi; this is not an HDMI fix.
The ZIP also contains an HDMI-disabled recovery kernel. If needed, copy
kernel-recovery.img as kernel8.img, retaining your normal kernel backup.

DEVELOPMENT
Source, tests and importer are included. Build instructions are in source.
Release credentials are embedded in kernels; private credential source is
not included. To reproduce the exact identity, retain your existing local
credential header. Never replace it with development/test credentials.
